**Our project is going to be a persoanlity quiz based on the arcetype of UofI students. The user will be prompted certain questions where they will answer based on their personality. Each question will measure a different quality of their personality, that will be included in the overall result. The answers they give will determine which archetype the user gets. 
a. Mainloop function. This function will loop through the entirety of the questions and calculate the final score, based on the collection of answers.        b. Input() Function. This function will be used to gather information throughout the course of the quiz. It will allow us to format a string that will put the user's input directly into the output.                                                                                                                          c. Dictionaries. This function will store questions, options, and scores. This will make the data more organized and allow easy retrieval of the information during the quiz.
Haley Trojan: haleytrojan1 , Emerson Fatzinger: emersonfatz
This project will be split up based on the design structure and data structure. Emerson will work on creating the overall blueprint design of the quiz. This includes how the system will flow from a user perspective, how the questions/scores are displayed, and how the question categories correspond to the different personalities. Haley will work on how the systematic data is represented in the program, in order to be accessed and manipulated. This includes logically organizing the data to ensure the program efficiently runs, collecting the data to match with certain answers, and storing the information in specific dictionaries.**
